[nrfconnect] Add groups binding support to Light-Switch-App example (#4)
ArekBalysNordic/connectedhomeip: examples/light-switch-app/nrfconnect/README.md

-   _Pressed for more than 2 s_ &mdash; changes the light's brightness on a bound lighting-app device (dimmer functionality).
    Brightness is changing from 0 % to 100 % with 1% increments every 300 milliseconds as long as **Button 2** is pressed.

> **Button 3** can be used for the changing the light state to the opposite one on all bound devices advertised to same multicast group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Button 3** can be used for changing the light state to the opposite one on all bound devices advertised to the same multicast group.
```

    west build -b build-target -- -DCONFIG_CHIP_LIB_SHELL=y

> Use these commands to control lighting device via Matter CLI:

Reviewer: How about "device running lighting app"? Lighting device is a little bit confusing when we have light switch and light bulb.

Author: Hmm, you are right. I agree that it may be a bit confusing.

To perform the binding process you need a controller which can write binding table to light switch device and write proper ACL to an endpoint lighting device. For example, the [chip-tool for Windows/Linux](../../chip-tool/README.md) can be used as a controller. An ACL should contain information about all clusters which can be called by light-switch. See [chip-tool-guide interacting with ZCL clusters section](../../../docs/guides/chip_tool_guide.md#interacting-with-zcl-clusters) for more information about ACLs.

> ### Binding unicast device using chip-tool for Windows/Linux

Reviewer: Unicast device doesn't sound correct. I would say "unicast binding". Moreover we don't bind to the whole device, but to the specific endpoint on a device.
```suggestion
### Unicast binding to the remote endpoint using chip-tool for Windows/Linux 
```

    __{"fabricIndex": 1, "node": <1>, "endpoint": 1, "cluster": 8}__ is a binding for __LevelControl__ cluster. 

> ### Binding multicast devices using chip-tool for Windows/Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Groupcast binding to the group of remote endpoints using chip-tool for Windows/Linux
```

> Binding multicast allows to add all lighting devices to one multicast group. After that Light Switch can send multicast request and all of devices listening bound multicast group can run received command. It can be used to control more than one lighting device via single light switch at the same time.

Reviewer: In the Matter spec it is not called multicast, but groupcast communication, so I would change it to the "Groupcast binding". Also binding doesn't allow to add all light bulbs to one group. That is done by the modification of group table using groups cluster. Binding only allows to create one to many relationship, so to control whole group at once.

> ITo perform binding for group multicast you need to complete following steps:

Reviewer: Typo: ITo->To

1. Navigate to the CHIP root directory:

2. Build chip-tool using [chip-tool guide](../../../docs/guides/chip_tool_guide.md#building).

3. Go to chip-tool build directory.

> 4. Add ACL (Access Control List) in the lighting endpoint permissions to receive commands from Light Switch:

Reviewer: Overall comment to the all point below. Please use some variables to describe endpoint ids and node ids in the commands. I know that by default we have the binding cluster on the endpoint 1, but user may modify it in the code and it would be nice to have generic commands for that.

Author: Yes, but we decided to inform a user that we commissioned a lighting app with node id 1 and light-switch with node id 2 and then use these values in the following codes. However, I am still confused about which form is suitable for this example. So, @greg-fer @Damian-Nordic, what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think it's easier for a user to follow a guide if he can see specific values in the command-line, and I'm not sure if we be prepared for any modification a user does to the sample. Maybe we could just describe before the command what subsequent arguments mean?

        chip-tool accesscontrol write acl '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 5, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [112233], "targets": null}, {"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 3, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [2], "targets": [{"cluster": 6, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}, {"cluster": 8, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}]}]' 1 0

> 5. Add Light Switch device to multicast group:

Reviewer: I would not assume here that light switch device has node ID equal to 1, as user may select other value during commissioning.
